FOXPRO FOR WINDOWS ICONS
-------------------------

THESE ICONS ARE SHAREWARE

CHECK OUT THE ABOUT!.BMP FOR ADDITIONAL INFO!

All of the icons you have downloaded were developed specifically 
for use in FoxPro for Windows.  There are over 200 icons in this bundle.
They were designed to be used in Picture buttons, etc.  

All files are in the 16 color .BMP format.  You can use other third
party software to convert them into the .ICO format if you wish.

About half of these icons have Sister files with the .MSK file 
extension.  This is required in FoxPro for Windows if you wish to   
display the color WHITE in your icons.  For example, if you had
an icon which was a picture of a dog with big white eyes, those 
eyes would show up as gray unless that icon had a sister .MSK file.
FoxPro automatically attaches .MSK files to the appropriate icon,
the only thing you need to do is make sure the icon's .MSK file is
in the same directory as the .BMP file.  You can refer to the FoxPro 
Language Reference manual for more info on .MSK files.

Since FoxPro for Windows sizes the Picture buttons, etc. from the 
actual size of the .BMP (or .ICO) files, we have included five 
different sizes of .BMP files.  These sizes are indicated by the LETTER
the file name starts with, the LETTER A_ designating the smallest sized
icon, up to the LETTER E_ designating the largest sized icon.  You will
always come across user's who complain the icons in your app are too
big or don't look like "their other applications" and those who complain
the icons are too small "just like their other applications".  Hopefully,
we have provided enough different icons in enough different sizes to
accomodate all the individual user's tastes.

All of these icons are yours to distribute royalty free.  If you like 
these icons and plan on using them, we simply ask you send us the
small fee of only $10.00 (Ten U.S. dollars). This $10.00 fee will enable 
us to continue providing helpful icons, apps, etc. to ALL FoxPro 
developers.  We thank you for your honesty and your honor.  

Ovation Data Services
6009 Cheswick Cove
Fort Wayne, IN  46804
(219) 459-0312 TEL
(219) 436-0102 FAX

 
